evm: Track number of attestations (#43)
wormholelabs-xyz/example-messaging-endpoint: README.md

  - MUST have at least one enabled **send** Adapter for `dstChain`.
  - Increments the Integrator's sequence and performs the steps to send the message or prepare it for sending, as applicable.
  - If Adapters must pull outgoing messages in the given implementation (via `pickUpMessage`), the Endpoint MUST set the current enabled Send Adapters as the Outstanding Adapters for that message.

> - `getMessageStatus(srcChain, srcAddr, sequence, dstChain, dstAddr, payloadHash)` → `enabledBitmap, attestedBitmap, numAttested, executed`

Reviewer: Question:  So, the `attestedBitmap` is a map of the receive transceivers that have attested this message and the `numAttested` is just the number of 1's in the `attestedBitmap`?

Author: That's right.

>   - Returns the enabled receive Adapters for that chain along with the attestations and the executed flag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Returns the enabled receive Adapters for that chain along with the attestation information and the executed flag.
```
